README.md, before:

# devsoc mail

epic training program project

# Workshop 2 - Vite + Advanced JS + React

## Task 1: Your First Vite Project
Note: This task is completely **UNRELATED** to devsoc-mail. Feel free to skip this Task 1.

https://vite.dev/guide/
1. Run `npm create vite@latest`
2. Choose your framework (e.g. React)
3. Follow the instruction:
   - `cd your-project-name`
   - `npm install`
4. Your're done😎

## Task 2: Create a Register Page
Right now, devsoc-mail only has a login page. It's your job to create their register page as devsoc's frontend developer. 
1. Head to `frontend/src/pages/` directory
2. Open `RegisterPage.tsx` file
3. Work on a register page based on the figma you and your team created last workshop.

## Task 3: Modifying Props
The login page displays the button with text 'MODIFY ME.' Change the props of `AuthButton` such that the text changes based on input.
1. Head to `frontend/src/components/` directory
2. Open `AuthButton` folder
3. Work on `AuthButton.tsx` and finish the task

## Task 4: Routing

Commit message:

📃 add routing instructions and credit to ws2

README.md, after:

# devsoc mail

epic training program project

# Workshop 2 - Vite + Advanced JS + React

## Task 1: Your First Vite Project

Note: This task is completely **UNRELATED** to devsoc-mail. Feel free to skip this Task 1.

https://vite.dev/guide/

1. Run `npm create vite@latest`
2. Choose your framework (e.g. React)
3. Follow the instruction:
   - `cd your-project-name`
   - `npm install`
4. Your're done😎

## Task 2: Create a Register Page

Right now, devsoc-mail only has a login page. It's your job to create their register page as devsoc's frontend developer.

1. Head to `frontend/src/pages/` directory
2. Open `RegisterPage.tsx` file
3. Work on a register page based on the figma you and your team created last workshop.

## Task 3: Modifying Props

The login page displays the button with text 'MODIFY ME.' Change the props of `AuthButton` such that the text changes based on input.

1. Head to `frontend/src/components/` directory
2. Open `AuthButton` folder
3. Work on `AuthButton.tsx` and finish the task

## Task 4: Routing

The view page, used for displaying emails, is currently inaccessible!
Open `App.tsx` and follow the instructions within to change that.
